I will show you how to run the code and the algo used....

so you can basically run the project by clicking on the play button!..

I have made this GUI to work with the GridSIM!. in which you can basically select the required dataset i.e. enter and select the 
algo you wanna use and then click Run! ..

so i have now added 4 grids..

This windows is to create Jobs which will later assigned to the users..

As you can see i have already added 2 jobs, no i will explain what is what!..

Obviously its the name of the job! 


No. of instruction we may requires or will be made!..

The both are the starting and finishing memory of 

the data which needs to processed!.

here 56MB is the starting memory and 

2048MB is th finishing or ending!..


No. of jobs this job actually want to execute!

This is required because we need assign in which rate the jobs has to be done!!


that shows the current info about the data used or not used.


Now we will add users..


Now we need to add machines!..

In this 

Its the no. of instructions this machine can handle!!


No. of processors it will have!

No. of machine jobs it can handle!!..

and finally the RAM size!..

we got 4 grids hence each grid should have atleast one machine! 

hence 4 Machines

Now we actually need to assign stuff!

So, we added m1 (Machine) to g1 (Grid)


Now we have assigned each machine to grid, making sure that no machine is left!


Now we have assigned jobs for each user!..

Finally we have selected the Policy we gonna use..

Now Run!... :D

This is the generated output!

we may use this for verification, validation kinda stuff..

Now we can see its got the Policy we used!

and all the information we may require to actually see how the job was done!!

And its Done!!

Now lets try with different Policy!

Now as the creation of all the data and stuff is time hogging we may export/import the same for all the policies used..

I have already configured the same!

Now all left to do is select Policies!! :D

As you can see now we have used the proposed Policy Algo!.. 

Thank You!! :D







































